[THE DEVIL BETWEEN US]
[Episode 11]
You need to know the product's features
and advantages.
Get it all straight,
and then you'll know
the best way to sell it.
I'm off to work.
There's food in the kitchen.
Don't forget to eat.
[Good news is coming]
[Nuanfeng Hengke Electronics Factory]
I'm not taking the graduate entrance exam.
You've been preparing for three years.
Why do you want to quit?
It's not that I don't want to.
I just can't.
Did Wang Ping really take drugs?
Yes.
Tell me.
Why can a drug user keep her job here?
What's her relationship with the boss?
It's still about the drug issue.
Could you please explain it to others?
I heard
you also took the drug, right?
Is this why you came to see me?
Ms. Du.
I've been waiting for nearly ten minutes.
Why don't you explain it
to them yourself?
I can help you.
What is he to you?
My work has nothing to do with you.
Everything about you concerns me.
Wang An.
Where did you get this?
It's not mine.
I wouldn't know where to buy it
even if I wanted to.
So you want to buy it, huh?
Wang Ping,
you said you're afraid that
I'll take drugs again.
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
Why do I feel like
you're afraid that yourself...
Enough. Stop it!
You've all seen it.
Recently, factory orders
have dropped significantly.
The leadership is very dissatisfied.
Director Liu said
that if the quarterly performance
of every department
doesn't show a clear increase,
then every single one
of you here
will pay the price.
You'll all suffer.
When you encounter difficulties,
find a way to solve them.
Don't pass the buck.
Work together.
Wang Ping.
Why is she going up there?
What are you doing?
All of you,
listen carefully.
I'm not who you think I am.
I did take drugs
but it was by mistake.
Due to that,
I helped the police solve a case.
Even the police didn't criticize me.
What gives you the right
to gossip behind my back?
Wang Ping.
We're in a meeting.
This isn't the proper time
to discuss your personal issues.
Get down.
Calm down. Come on.
I'm very calm!
I was so calm
that you all bullied me like this.
What's wrong with her?
What is she doing?
I've been at this factory for eight years.
I've worked for you for six years.
We are colleagues.
Mr. Sun,
I just asked you to speak the truth.
Why is that so hard?
Mr. Sun,
you know exactly how much you skimmed off.
If I get fired today,
you're the first one
I'm taking down with me.
-Got it?
-Nonsense!
Lili,
have you forgotten that
I taught you everything
when you first joined the company?
Ms. Du,
that day at the copier,
I waited there for ages.
Didn't you see me?
When your kid was sick,
I covered for you during work hours,
and finished the rest of your work
so that you could go home early.
Have you forgotten?
Sun Chao!
What are you looking at?
Dare you stare at me?
Did you forget about your dad's accident?
You don't remember anything, right?
I handled your dad's affairs!
I visited your mom on your behalf!
Have you forgotten it all?
What is wrong with you?
Do you all have amnesia?
Have you forgotten everything?
I took those drugs by mistake.
I was wrongly accused.
Now you're all
kicking me when I'm down, huh?
You smile when you need my help,
but turn your back when you don't.
Hello, can I help you?
How much is this?
That's five yuan.
Do you have gloves?
This way.
These are fifteen yuan.
I've paid it.
Okay.
Sir,
payment sent.
How much do you want to sell it for?
How much can I get if I keep the car?
Ten thousand at most.
I'll repay in three months.
Is that okay?
Okay.
[Association Studio]
[Dongzhang Housing Rental Registration
Form in Nuanhai Town, Nuanfeng County]
Ding Lai chose a perfect place.
It'll take us forever to find him
in such a densely populated community.
Why don't we narrow down the search area?
No way.
What if
he's in the part we excluded?
We have to search like this.
We'll just take our time.
Just hurry up a bit.
Liu Mei...
Liu Mei is definitely not the one.
She's my fourth uncle's younger sister.
You have a lot of relatives.
You have a phone call.
It's a small place.
Okay.
Zhang Yan said
Cao Jinchuan
got on a bus heading to Xiamen.
But he didn't get off in Xiamen.
He probably got off
at a small station before that.
Zhang Yan has already taken men
to search station by station.
As long as we don't fail
to find him like Ding Lai.
Can't you be a bit more optimistic?
Here you are, officers.
Thanks.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Hello.
We're the police.
Sir.
Let me ask you something.
Have you seen this person?
No.
Hello.
We're the police.
Let me ask you something.
Have you seen this person?
No.
Are you sure?
Let me ask you.
Why did you suddenly buy
that delivery box?
I do renovations.
I use it to pack lunches
for the guys at my site.
It works great.
How is it working for you?
No way.
I used it for a week straight,
and my skin was smooth and fair.
Really.
Why don't you try it again?
Alright.
Okay.
I'll contact you
when we have new products.
Ms. Liu.
How is it?
You said that your skin
was a bit sensitive.
It should be perfect for you.
It's no good?
It's okay.
I'll send you some more later.
You can try it again.
Okay.
No rush to order.
Alright.
Still no buyers?
What's going on?
It's sold well
in Hainan.
Could you have been scammed?
Is that sales data reliable?
Why are you so annoying?
I've always hated this about you.
You can't help with anything
but make snide remarks
to make things worse.
You're getting carried away again
since you are living a happy life, right?
Okay, okay, I am sorry.
I'll shut up.
I figure there is something
wrong with my mindset right now.
I can't focus on the business at all.
I'm worried about everything all day.
When Hu Wenjing came over the other day,
I was a nervous wreck.
I'm on edge all day.
How can I do business
and sell anything?
We can't go on like this.
How about this?
Call Hu Wenjing.
Invite her over for dinner.
We'll set the stage,
saying we got divorced recently,
but I keep coming back
to pester you.
That way, Hu Wenjing might not suspect
that Ding Lai is here.
Will that work?
I need to ask you about someone.
Does he look familiar?
Never seen him.
Do you live alone?
Yes.
Where is your husband?
He works at a factory.
How often does he come back?
Usually, only
during the Chinese New Year holiday.
Only during the Chinese New Year holiday?
Do you interact much with your neighbors?
Just so-so.
Okay.
Sorry to disturb you.
If you see any strangers
or anyone suspicious,
give us a call.
[Investigating nearby? Come to my home
for lunch. Don't refuse. Food is ready.]
Okay.
Can my colleague join us?
Come on in.
Come on.
Are you
Jin,
or Long?
Jin Longzheng.
Long, come on in.
Close the door.
Okay.
You're here.
Wenjing is here.
Have a seat.
You two...
Xiaoya will tell you later.
Have a seat first.
This is...
My colleague.
Yes, colleague.
You can call me Jin Longzheng.
Officer Jin.
Have a seat.
The soup is almost ready.
Jin, right?
Come sit here.
Okay.
Well.
Yes.
Cheng Xiaodong, your cooking is amazing.
Bian will be pissed off.
It's really delicious.
Not bad, right?
It's delicious.
It's all thanks to Xiaoya's guidance.
Come on, Honey.
Have some winter melon.
Put it here.
Why don't you two just remarry?
Stop going back and forth.
It's exhausting
and costly.
No way.
He's still on probation.
Right?
Yes.
Do you remember
the last time
he cursed me on the street?
Didn't you curse him too?
I don't care.
He cursed me first.
Since then,
he's turned over a new leaf.
He treats me well now,
coming over every day
to help with shipping,
cooking,
and taking good care of me.
But honestly,
your cooking is much better
than your mom's.
You're absolutely right, Honey.
Eat more.
You're really not good at sweet talk.
Give me a piece of meat.
Here you are.
Are you patrolling nearby?
You got here so fast.
I happened to be checking
the building next door.
When I saw your message,
I was just about to head this way.
No wonder
you reached the staircase in no time.
I'm going to the restroom.
Go ahead.
It's by the light.
Okay.
By the light.
Behind the door.
I see it.
Eat more,
Long.
-Jin Long.
-I've been eating.
Come on, eat this.
Let's call Wang Ping
and go singing tonight together.
Do you think I'm that carefree?
I work like a dog all day.
I have no spare time to go singing.
Just head back.
Let's go.
Don't just focus on work.
Take care of yourself.
Wear more clothes.
Or you'll get arthritis when you're old.
Big Eyes.
Take good care of Wenjing for me.
Okay.
Bye.
Come visit when you're free.
Okay.
Take care.
Take care, Officer Jin.
Okay.
Bye.
Stop acting.
Give me a pen.
She was kind enough
to treat you to a meal
but you suspect her?
[Ya]
Don't say that.
I don't feel good about
suspecting my friend, either.
It's okay if she hadn't invited
me to dinner.
But now, I feel like something's wrong.
Did you find anything?
I know Li Xiaoya pretty well.
She's very decisive.
Now that she finally managed
to divorce Cheng Xiaodong,
I don't believe she still
has lingering feelings for him
or misses his cooking.
Something feels off.
They just got divorced.
One only cherishes things
after he or she loses them.
It's reasonable to regret it and remarry.
Aren't you a bit too sensitive?
When I went to their bathroom,
I saw two toothbrushes.
One of them was brand new,
just opened,
unlike the other one,
which had signs of use.
Maybe
she just replaced one.
What exactly do you suspect them of?
Do you suspect they are
accomplices of Ding Lai?
Is that possible?
He kept getting deliveries.
Anyway,
it'll be great if there's nothing
wrong with them
after the investigation result
is released.
Where is the next stop?
Next stop
is Liu Lijun's home.
Liu...
Liu Lijun's home isn't that way.
It's over there.
I'm just accompanying you for rehab?
Liu Lijun's is the one on the right.
Yes, to the right.
Do you think Hu Wenjing will believe it?
Hard to say.
It's from Ken.
You talk to him.
He's probably asking about
the house in the countryside.
I'll talk to him.
Ken.
Xiaoya is out.
Tell me if there's anything.
I'll tell her when she gets back.
What did you say?
Okay, I got it.
Cheng Ken said he has a big business
to talk to us.
Big business?
What big business could he have?
You go talk to him.
Just say I'm busy.
Okay, I'll go see him in a bit.
Coming.
Come in.
Where is Xiaoya?
She's sorting goods at home.
You can discuss anything with me.
Can you call the shots
on business matters?
Where is Jiajia?
Jiajia!
Jia!
Coming.
Look.
Uncle.
Jiajia.
Did you miss me?
Yes.
I knew you missed me.
I brought you some snacks.
So many.
Come here.
How are you going?
Enjoy every day as it comes.
That's getting profound.
Did your dad teach you that?
I can't teach her that.
She comes up with new words every day.
Where did
you learn that?
The internet.
Jiajia.
When you recover,
go back to school and crush them.
Okay?
Okay.
Go.
Go eat.
Go play for a bit.
I need to talk to your uncle.
So mysterious.
Ken,
why are you so happy lately?
My mind
is clear now.
I've figured something out
these past few days.
The root cause
of my suffering
was the lack of money.
Being poor made me miserable,
very miserable.
But luckily,
God bless me.
He left a path for me,
a path to get rich.
Good.
I'm happy for you.
What?
Just happy?
Won't you even ask what path it is?
I don't care about money.
It's good that you get rich.
No need to worry about me.
Right.
You don't care about money.
What about Li Xiaoya?
Doesn't she care about money?
Be straightforward.
Look.
Notice anything different about me?
Did you lose weight again?
I lost 2.5 kilograms in three days.
2.5 kilograms in three days?
What did you eat?
I ate a little bit.
Very little.
But mainly, I've been taking this.
Physically, I'm fine.
Mentally, I'm great.
I'm excited, or hyper.
I have nothing wrong.
I don't feel hungry either.
Interesting, right?
Interesting.
Three days on just this?
Milk tablets?
Homemade?
Let me try one.
Don't.
It's not a milk tablet.
It's the best diet pill.
I've been thinking.
Li Xiaoya
has so many clients.
Most of them are
young girls.
They all want to lose weight.
It helped me lose
2.5 kilograms in three days.
Tell me,
how much money could this make?
Did you add something to this?
Hungry.
I'm hungry.
Who is that?
Quiet!
I'm hungry.
You're back.
What happened to you?
You look like you've seen a ghost.
Don't lend the countryside house
to Cheng Ken.
If he calls you again,
don't answer.
Why?
Just don't.
What did he tell you?
Nothing.
Cheng Xiaodong.
Didn't we agree?
You can't keep anything from me.
You said the police are looking
for a man and a woman
and showed you photos.
The man is Cheng Ken.
The woman
is the girl he said
to send to the countryside.
The person Hu Wenjing is looking for
is Cheng Ken?
Your brother is
a drug dealer?
Are you kidding?
Ken is too much of a loser for that.
And it's all a coincidence.
Cheng Ken
wanted to buy a kidney
on the black market.
But he got scammed by the seller.
The seller didn't give Ken a kidney,
but a living person instead.
That is
the girl he mentioned,
who has mental issues.
Then, he couldn't find the seller.
So, Ken took the girl home.
Unexpectedly, that girl
pooped out drugs at his place.
So,
does Ken know about
our relationship with Ding Lai?
How did he dare tell you this?
He had no choice.
He originally planned to sell these drugs
to drug dealers,
but failed.
So he tried
to sell them himself.
You told him
your clients
are all young girls.
He wanted to package
the drugs as diet pills
and let you sell them.
To figure out the properties of the drugs,
he started using them himself.
And I think, after using drugs,
he has lost his mind.
He wants to drag us
into dealing drugs with him.
One gram sells for 500,000 yuan.
That day at Black Forest,
how many did you want?
450 grams.
That's over 100 million yuan.
Does Ken have all of Ding Lai's drugs?
That's a huge amount of money.
We've solved
Ding Lai's issue.
As long as there's no evidence,
the police can't touch us.
But drug dealing is an ongoing activity.
There are loopholes everywhere.
We don't have an organization,
and no one to take the fall.
Once the police target us,
we're doomed.
I was not going to deal drugs.
Why are you getting so worked up?
The most addictive drug is money.
You're already in too deep.
Don't risk your life for money again.
Then I've been addicted for a long time.
I won't be able to quit in this lifetime.
Are you done?
Hu Wenjing is rushing us again.
Done.
She always rushes us
like it's a matter of life and death.
In your team,
she's the one I'm most afraid of.
Even I'm afraid of her.
See? She's even rushing me.
Thanks for your hard work.
It's just my lot in life.
The people in Nuanfeng
are certainly enthusiastic.
They've given us plenty of leads.
But not a single one was accurate.
What should we say to Captain Wu later?
Tell him the truth.
We haven't found any solid evidence.
But we're following up on leads.
That's all we can say.
Director Dai.
None of the hair samples you sent
belong to Ding Lai.
Alright.
Got it.
Impossible.
I've been in contact with him.
Everything was okay a few days ago.
Fine.
Thank you.
[Next Episode Preview]